Good health to all I want to share
with you one of his little experience gear
I bought from time to time
bananas so i usually don't mean them
i use or very rarely they usually
go for the preparation of certain dishes
mainly drinks it is mostly green
cocktail or some other smoothie there
yet what nut and then it happens that
you buy a ram like a little more
not matured even though I know how to choose
ripe bananas are worth mature no
or another such acronis
now I bought brightly almost ripe already
but they would have a few more days to stay
wait for them to taste
how do i keep a banana like this lying in
I do not recommend storing bananas
because under their weight alone
crush themselves and starts
spoil is best to use
use another way which
will show you a second
The idea of this need to find in my kitchen
I want to show you here on this
An example from me is the usual kitchen here
the door that we rarely use and I
here on this
door handle tied can be a friend
a place like that cozy cool dark
Well, not very cold so I tied here
such a rope tied up just in
a bunch of ring now show you what
I will continue to do
was seen so on in this ring i
selling my bananas
neatly do nothing to harm
don't break here like this in a second
lower lower the camera and so and so
Now I will raise why and this
banana position
calmly hang here this is a place in
bananas are the hardest and with contact
safe
for him you can hang bans he will
hang well stored and plus ripen
so if you bought green bananas
By the way, too, you can do poetry in
a room in the kitchen or somewhere else friend
a place where it is quite warm comfortable
rooms temperature and not for a few
days will ripen even if they initially
will be green here I personally
I will use about two or three
banana a day that is tomorrow i will do
green smoothie from these banana them
now here are six pieces ie two
days they are enough if two days
they will lie just somewhere that is
The chance that they will start to deteriorate
where they come into contact with
surface if they so will
hang
then without any bad consequences they
so can hang
I think even days 3-5 and they will not
spoil only in places where they used to be
maybe I hit it here
but this is so second here
firmly everything therefore I think it was damaged
only the peel inside the banana is good
somewhere here I saw
darina has a place and as well as principle
the banana light will quietly hang and
wait for your fate where he will fall
In principle , this is all short if you have
have their own ways of storing them bananas
which I may not know and a
ineffective will be glad to hear in
comments leave your options
thanks for watching, see you bye